api-gateway: add operation cannot be fulfilled error to common errors (#17874)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/api-gateway/usage/errors.mdx

**Resolution:**
Install the required CRDs. Refer to the [Consul API Gateway installation instructions](/consul/docs/api-gateway/install#installation) for instructions.

### Operation cannot be fulfilled, the object has been modified

```
{"error": "Operation cannot be fulfilled on gatewayclassconfigs.consul.hashicorp.com \"consul-api-gateway\": the object has been modified; please apply your changes to the latest version and try again"}

```
**Conditions:**

> This error occurs when the gateway controller attempts to reconcile an object that has been modified previously. It is a normal part of running the controller and will resolve itself the next time the reconciliation loop is run.

Reviewer: I would simplify the language here to be less technical
```suggestion
This error occurs when the gateway controller attempts to update an object that has been modified previously. It is a normal part of running the controller and will resolve itself by automatically retrying.
```

**Impact:**
Excessive error logs are produced, but there is no impact to the functionality of the controller.

**Resolution:**

> No action needs to be taken to resolve this issue,

Reviewer 2: extra comma

Author: fixed
